1. What articles exist which deal with TSS (Time Sharing System), an operating system for IBM computers?
2. I am interested in articles written either by Prieve or Udo Pooch, Prieve, B. Pooch, U.
3. Intermediate languages used in construction of multi-targeted compilers; TCOLL
4. I'm interested in mechanisms for communicating between disjoint processes, possibly, but not exclusively, in a distributed environment.  I would rather see descriptions of complete mechanisms, with or without implementations, as opposed to theoretical work on the abstract problem.  Remote procedure calls and message-passing are examples of my interests.
5. I'd like papers on design and implementation of editing interfaces, window-managers, command interpreters, etc.  The essential issues are human interface design, with views on improvements to user efficiency, effectiveness and satisfaction.
6. Interested in articles on robotics, motion planning particularly the geometric and combinatorial aspects.  We are not interested in the dynamics of arm motion.
7. I am interested in distributed algorithms - concurrent programs in which processes communicate and synchronize by using message passing. Areas of particular interest include fault-tolerance and techniques for understanding the correctness of these algorithms.
8. Addressing schemes for resources in networks; resource addressing in network operating systems
9. Security considerations in local networks, network operating systems, and distributed systems.
10. Parallel languages; languages for parallel computation
11. SETL, Very High Level Languages
12. portable operating systems
13. code optimization for space efficiency
14. find all discussions of optimal implementations of sort algorithms for database management applications
15. Find all discussions of horizontal microcode optimization with special emphasis on optimization of loops and global optimization.
16. find all descriptions of file handling in operating systems based on multiple processes and message passing.
17. Optimization of intermediate and machine code
18. Languages and compilers for parallel processors, especially highly horizontal microcoded machines; code compaction
19. Parallel algorithms
20. Graph theoretic algorithms applicable to sparse matrices
21. computational complexity, intractability, class-complete reductions, algorithms and efficiency
22. I am interested in hidden-line and hidden-surface algorithms for cylinders, toroids, spheres, and cones.  This is a rather specialized topic in computer graphics.
23. Distributed computing structures and algorithms
24. Applied stochastic processes
25. Performance evaluation and modelling of computer systems